Next time for sure, harboring those feelings in my heart whilst giving a premature announcement of the release date yet being entirely delayed. Kinugasa here.
Now that my declaration’s off by this much, even I can’t help but feel that this is strange.
I should have been able to release it already, I should be able to release it already yet each and every time there’s always a delay from my preliminary announcements.
It’s terrible!
I shall hereby declare in no uncertain terms that I will no longer state the release date in my afterwords.
It’s been roughly 7~8 weeks since I hurt my fingers………that much time has passed and yet I’m still far from making a complete recovery……
I am receiving treatment while I am progressively taking care of myself and wondering if I can somehow maintain the 4 month pace I’ve kept up until now.
Still, by the time I realized it’s already May.
Time really flies, doesn’t it?
It’s went by rather quickly considering it’s almost 3 whole years since Youkoso Jitsuryoku Shijou Shugi no Kyosh*tsu e was first released.
At first, during volume 1, there were times when I hadn’t expected to still be selling and writing this and so I am extremely happy but these days it’s not just my fingers but my whole body that’s creaking at the joints. I am keenly aware of that.
Truly, I shall exercise caution.
It’ll only be for a bit but I’ll touch on the contents of volume 8 as well.
Youjitsu volume 8 is a story where senior students appear one after another.
From good-for-nothing senior students to suspicious senior students, even unreliable senior students will be appearing extensively.
It would be great if you enjoyed this volume too.
Now about volume 9, umm, in other words, in S-S-Sep-September it will be releas……gu, gugigi, no, I’ve already decided I won’t be making that statement! Halt!
I’ll cut it out with the childishness………
Personally speaking, there’s one thing I’ve always wanted.
Call it a desire of mine but I want a massage chair. I really, really want one.
But it’s expensive.
Furthermore, since it takes up space, I won’t have the space to fit it in my house.
The early years where worries continue.
In the end I can’t make a decision. Will the day I purchase one come or won’t it?
Well, no matter how much time passes I’ll just be fantasizing this and that and I won’t end up buying it though.
If there’s anyone who knows of a wonderful massage chair, please do tell me.