It would concern the difference between genders but speaking as a man, where would our final goal lie? If you ask for the opinions of men around the world, there you will probably see the true purpose of a man’s life emerging. In other words, to be intertwined with a loved one, leave behind offspring and deliver them to the next generation. That conclusion should be made. In recent years, though, it has been overflowing with various entertainment. Starting from amusement parks and movies then to social games and virtual games. Entertainment meant to allow a person to have fun has been progressing rapidly.
But looking at it from the long history of humanity, this is still very shallow. The prosperity of one’s offspring is an act that almost all living creatures have conducted since ancient times. However, for boys who had just risen up to high school, they could not aim for something like the prosperity of their offspring. They would just aim for the pleasure and sexual gratification that’s in front of them.
“…now, I’d like to conduct a strategic meeting regarding Operation Delta”.
Under assault by the moldering heat, Class D’s Ike was sitting in an unfitting seiza position and making a clenched fist on top of his knees. Wiping the ball-like sweat that had formed on his forehead with his fist, his forehead gleamed stickily.
“This time, I’m thinking of betting all of my youth this summer on Operation Delta. Haruki, how about you?”.
“I feel the same way, Kanji. If this operation succeeds, I wouldn’t even mind dying!”.
Towards that resolve to even throw away one’s life without hesitation, Sudou who had been watching until now approved.
“To be honest, I’m against it. I’ll decide whether or not to join after I hear you out”.
Even though those three individually differ in their way of thinking, the goal they are seeking is the same. It seems they’re optimistically thinking. Perhaps it’s because we were all sweating, but I could feel the temperature in the room become even more humidly hot.
“So Ayanokouji…..obviously you’re in too, right?”.
“Before that, is it ok if I turn on the air conditioner?”.
Nothing good will come about if this room smells of sweat any further.
“…….guess so. It’s hot”.
If that’s the case, I’d have liked to have the air conditioner turned on from the start. It’s only uncomfortable for me who offered the room in the first place.
“Always, all the time, why is it always my room?”.
“Didn’t I tell you before? It’s because your room is the tidiest one. The other rooms have tissues and frizzy hairs strewn about and it’s all dirty. At Yamauchi’s place, there’s not even enough room to set foot in”.
“Sudou’s room’s the same too right? Clothes and underwear all scattered about”.
I don’t care whose room is messy, if that’s the case, I’d like them to think about tidying it up.
“No matter how long it’s been, this room doesn’t have a feeling of life to it. Ever since enrollment, nothing about it’s changed. Points will be coming in soon so how about buying something?”.
“Then next would be the carpet, you know, the carpet. My ass is hurting”.
Sudou once again said something similar to what he’s said in the past as he hits the floor.
“It’s because I can’t afford to wastefully spend precious points”.
As I suitably dealt with him, for some reason, Sudou doggedly opposed me.
“In the uninhabited island test, we obtained those points thanks to Suzune. It’s really out of line for someone as useless as you to save up those points” Sudou told me.
“Indeed, indeed. Matter of fact, if Horikita were here with us, isn’t it only a matter of time before we rise up to Class C?”.
From the desperate situation in May, we’ve made a complete turn and are hounding the upper classes in terms of points with a vigorous surge.
“Come on, let’s think about the difficult stuff when the second semester starts. Right now, it’s Operation Delta”.
“Are you guys serious?”.
“I’m really serious. I mean, our youth lies there, right? Or are you saying you have an objection against the Operation Delta which is our supreme goal!”.
Right now, the 3 Idiots have gathered in my room and are heatedly discussing Operation Delta. The cause of that is a certain plan that was discussed over the chat the night before.
“You’re free to name the plan whatever you want like Delta, but basically it’s just peeping right?”.
That’s right. This plan called Delta has a respectful name indeed but the content of it was about peeping. It was a truly pointless thing born from the lust of males who wished to see the girls naked.
But no one other than Ike knows the details of it yet.
“To peep at a girl’s naked body…..what’s wrong with it? That is the youth!”.
It’s not about wrong or not, it’s a crime, a terrifying one. However, this man boldly became defiant. Using the word youth. If he were to be discovered peeping, it wouldn’t be strange even if he were reported as Boy A.
“What are you planning on doing if the girls find out? It won’t just end with them being angry, you know”.
The method of peeping is still unknown but there should be no doubt that it carries risk. I try to do what I could to discourage them. It seems Sudou has also caught onto that as he presses the same question onto Ike and Yamauchi who were attempting to continue with it recklessly.
“Just like Ayanokouji said, it’s dangerous. It’s not like changing into gym clothes back in elementary school or like peeping in on the bath of an old inn during a middle school excursion”.
“Don’t fret. There are no oversights in the idea of this Ike Kanji-sama who’s called a supercomputer”.
As he stood up, Ike began to triumphantly explain the basis behind his confidence.
“Where and how will we be peeping, you guys are curious about that right? It’s ok, I’ve properly thought it out. That’s why firstly, calm down and please listen to what I have to say. First and foremost, we’ll be carefully selecting our target. Even though it’s our one and only chance, it would be a waste if we half-assedly ended up peeping on someone ugly. Naturally, we’ll be choosing from amongst the Class D girls. It’s only by seeing the naked body of a cute girl whose normally close to you that you can feel maximum arousal”.
“Of course, I agree with you too but we haven’t raised those Mufufu Flags, you know?”.
“If we don’t have them, we can simply make them ourselves. Flags are something we have to raise for ourselves”.
Using his index finger to operate his phone, Ike then pointed its screen towards us.
“Haven’t you forgotten something? That ever since yesterday, the meeting for the big event called the pool release has been held!”.
“O, ohh? Indeed if that’s the case, we can peep!…..can we? I’ve never gone there before, the pool here”.
As I looked towards the characters written on the phone, indeed I could see the matter regarding the pool release written there.
That only for the last 3 days of the summer vacation, the special swimming facility used by the swimming club can be used. It seems for those 3 days, from 9 am to 5 pm the pool will be open. Indeed if it’s that place, men and women alike, if they are to swim, everyone must get naked at least once but…..
“I can understand why you’d invite them to the pool to peep on them but I don’t think that’s enough to peep on them”.
I expressed my opinion frankly. I’ve never entered the special swimming facility before but surveillance cameras should be installed as a matter-of-fact there.
Naturally, the surveillance cameras won’t be installed inside the changing rooms themselves, but it wouldn’t be surprising if they were installed in the corridor just outside the changing rooms.
If a suspicious male were to approach the girls’ changing room, being immediately found out is an inevitability. Ike, whose arms were crossed, had a composed expression which did not falter. On the other hand, ahead of time Yamauchi seemed to have become anxious.
“This makes me sad. Do you really take me for a fool who didn’t even think of that? As for me, I’ve made preliminary arrangements for who knows how many days already for this day to come, I’m telling you”.
In response to my questions criticizing him, Ike remained unperturbed. Rather than being perturbed, he, in fact, seemed composed.
“Preliminary arrangements? Then tell me the all-important peeping method”.
No longer able to stand Ike who was putting on airs, Yamauchi cut in and asked that.
“You already want spoilers? Fine then, look upon this”.
Ike seems to have thoroughly conducted his preliminary investigations since he brought along a rough sketch of the of the facility that he had printed out with him. And in response to that genuineness, the two of them exhaled in wonder.
“You even prepared something like this!”.
I’m also surprised. The most amazing thing of all is the fact that the rough sketch had all the fine details on it as well. But something’s strange. The handwriting that was written down there seems to be different from that of Ike himself.
“Have a look. This special swimming facility has a pool that’s twice as large as the pool we normally use for our classes. Only the club can enter, and as you might guess, the surveillance cameras are also written down here”.
A large facility that has six changing rooms installed in it for men and women combined.
Probably it’s also used for tournaments and the like. Men and women have their changing rooms at the end of different passageways and in both corridors, the fact that surveillance cameras have been installed were written down and marked on the rough sketch.
“Something like this, we definitely can’t peep”.
Since the men’s section and the women’s section changing rooms were divided up by diverging paths, if even a single step were taken we would immediately be suspected. On top of that, since it’ll be the last event of the summer vacation it can be predicted that there will be a large number of people present. It’s probably absolutely impossible.
“Of course I don’t think we can just walk over to the changing room and peep. The important thing is this line here. It’s a ventilation route that runs along the floor. The truth is, this vent’s actually connecting the men’s changing room and the women’s changing room. Even more, the changing rooms are divided up from the 1st years up to the 3rd years and the changing rooms that are paired happen to be those of the same school years, it’s that kind of miracle!”.
To put it simply, it means that the ventilation route of the changing room that the 1st year boys use is connected to the changing room that the 1st year girls use on the opposite side. And Ike’s plan is to follow that path and go peeping. But I can also understand the feeling of wanting to celebrate like it’s a miracle. The changing rooms, for all their number, individually aren’t that large in size and there are no obstacles within the facility as well. If it goes according to the simulations, from the ventilation route, seeing the girls’ changing figures would also be confirmed.
But, these days, is there still a vent that people can easily fit into, I wonder.
“This vent has a length of 15 centimeters and a width of 40 centimeters”.
“No matter how you look at it, it’s not a size humans can pass through”.
And besides, even if people can barely pass through it and it’s the size where one can crawl through it, it might or might not go as well as movies portray it as. If you can no longer move freely inside, in the worst case, you may become stuck and unable to get back out.
“Kukuku. I’ve also calculated that. We have this!”.
From the bag he brought with him he proudly took out a small car. On it there was something like an antenna sticking out.
“Radio control huh……!”.
Radio control, in other words a radio-controlled car. It’s a toy that one can freely move around using remote control. Furthermore, on the radio controlled main unit, a camera is also installed. It seems to be linked with a small camera that was equipped on the remote control. Inserting the batteries, when Ike operated it, it was reflected on the monitor.
It was by no means high resolution, but it’s more than enough to confirm the surroundings. Just as he said, his preparations really are good.
“If it’s this, it should be the size to fit into the vent. After that, we just have to use the camera installed on the radio controlled car and advance through the vent while checking it out. What’s more, you can even save images on the mini card of the radio controlled car’s main unit!”.
The plan Ike thought of had a deep darkness and was steeped in lust…….I wonder what terrifying thing this man would think of.
This is completely a criminal action. Thank you. If it’s this, even Yamauchi would object to it—
“Ohh! This is amazing! If it’s this, it’s perfect! Right Ken!?”.
So will he approve……..and with such an extremely light heart, all he could do was interject.
“I guess so….doesn’t it feel like something straight out of a drama?”.
“How’s that—!? It’s perfect isn’t it!?”.
Indeed, if it’s with this, there’s the possibility of making it to the destination without being found out but……even so, the preparations are very meticulous. Therefore I made a single hypothesis.
“Could it be, this peeping, the Professor’s also taking part in it?”.
I can hardly believe it’s a plan Ike thought of alone. A radio controlled car, too, isn’t something at a price that’s bought easily.
“H-How did you!?”.
How or anything, from the meticulous planning to the existence of the radio controlled car, none of it’s like Ike. And besides, the location of the surveillance cameras and the ventilation route, for instance, would require a knowledgeable person to investigate in order to find out.
“Sh*t, if it’s out then can’t help it. That’s right, I asked Professor. Damn, after all the trouble I went to to make you think I planned it all out”.
“So? What’s the detailed plan for that designated day?”.
As I thought, he seems to have borrowed the Professor’s knowledge. Just as I had marked it off, Ike began to explain.
“First of all, we’ll invite the girls we want to peep on to the pool tomorrow. And then, we’ll all mostly simultaneously enter the changing room right? Once we enter, we’ll immediately rush over to the vent in the far back. If there’s someone using it then Sudou, you threaten them if you have to and get them to move. And right after that, we’ll pull out the towels as if to change and form a human wall around the vent so no one can see. Then, I’ll hurry up and remove the hatch to the vent and insert the radio controlled car. I’ll operate it so in order for no one to see me you guys please hide me. After that, we’ll operate the radio controlled car and stop right in front of the girls’ changing room and start recording. Once we’ve decided that they’ve finished changing we’ll pull it back out”.
The flow of it was more or less simple and therefore it was easy to understand. But there were some haphazardly said places I could not wipe away.
“I threaten the ones in our way and get them out of our way. Or make sure the ones coming closer to us don’t do so right?”.
It could be said to be an appropriate role for Sudou. Because they know him to be aggressive, the other students won’t carelessly draw near either.
“You get it? The brilliance of this Operation Delta”.
“B-But you know, Kanji. This is a crime right…..how should I put it it’s like the weight of the sin is heavier than the peeping…….”.
“Indeed this is a crime. Strictly speaking. But you guys look back on your past. You should have committed a similar crime, you know?”.
“Ahh? What’s that supposed to mean? I’ve never committed a crime?”.
“Then I’ll ask you this, Ken. If you use violence to hurt a person, that’s a crime, right? If an adult punches someone out, it’ll be on the television news, right? You’re using violence”.
“That’s…..fighting and violence are different, right?”.
“Unfortunately, I’ve never once used violence”.
“Then Haruki, back during elementary school, didn’t you lick the flute of the girl you liked or sniffed your gym clothes? You absolutely didn’t do that sort of thing?”.
“Uuuuu…..”.
I don’t know if that hit the mark or not, but Yamauchi seems to recall something like that.
“If an adult does the same thing? That’s a crime!”.
“I-Indeed”.
“In other words, both peeping and filming it, as long as you’re still underage it’ll be forgiven. If we don’t do it now when will we do it!”.
That enthusiasm, without a doubt, struck the hearts of Yamauchi and Sudou. It seems he had enough determination to make those two, who had been feeling guilt over the criminal act, harden their resolve too.
“Are you doing it, Haruki? Whatever happens, happens”.
“Y-You’re right. Alright, I’m in on Ike’s plan”.
“Are you guys really fine with it? It’s a crime”.
No matter how much you sugarcoat it, a crime is still a crime.
“I’ve been saying it for a while now, Ayanokouji. Licking a flute is a crime and peeping on someone directly changing is also a crime. If so, then filming that would also equally be a criminal act. But you know, this is youth. Boys peeping on girls changing, you won’t get arrested for it, at most a warning. That’s what I mean!”.
“Well, it’s not that I’m not convinced or anything. No matter how high tech the world becomes, boys all over the world more or less still become adults through such experiences. Shoplifting in elementary school and shoplifting in high school, both sins carry the same weight”.
This is no longer even about seeing the girls changing, he’s just forcibly trying to justify his actions.
“Unwillingly giving in, let’s say keeping pace with this high tech era, peeping is also filming. But you know, if that’s found out, even if you don’t get arrested, it’s plenty enough to get you expelled you know?”.
“I’m scared of expulsion, like hell I’d peep!”.
Ohh—! Sudou and Yamauchi both lifted their arms as such.
“All that’s left is you, Ayanokouji. We’ve come this far, obviously you’ll be cooperating, right?”.
“……..I can’t deny my interest”.
“That’s why your cooperation is there. If the three of you become a wall, we definitely won’t be found out”.
His eyes are serious. Even if I back out here, it seems he’s resolved to absolutely pull it off here.
“I understand. I’ll cooperate. But promise me one thing, Ike. This plan’s accompanied by a great risk. If we’re discovered, it won’t end simply. That’s why, whether we succeed or fail, please promise me this is the only time you’ll do something like this. If not I won’t cooperate, and depending on the case, I’ll report this to the school”.
I spoke while mixing strict words with gentle words. By doing so, I’m aiming to draw forth a compromise from Ike. If I just one-sidedly object, there’s the possibility that Ike and the others will simply shut up and commit a criminal act. That’s why, as a condition for my cooperation, I placed the condition that this be a one-time thing. There’s no mistaking though that if we’re discovered, Class D might end up collapsing. That is something everyone here should understand.
“I’m telling you I understand. I too, don’t think it’s good to do something like this multiple times”.
“Then that’s fine. Because I understand you’ll be betting your student’s youth to challenge this”.
“Let me propose something. If the pool opens at 9 o’clock then going there by matching that timing is most certain. If we’re there first, then taking the innermost part of the changing room for ourselves is also a simple matter”.
“I see! Let’s use that! A male student’s youth is peeping! Let’s do this!”.
This is a conversation that took place the day before the pool, the full story behind Operation Delta.
1
Then, on the day we went to the pool, we were the first ones to enter the changing room and occupied its far back and spread out our towels. The boys who continued to enter one after another were chatting away with various emotions and did not pay any attention to us.
“Hurry it up, Ike”.
While spreading his towel and pretending to change, Sudou urged on the Ike who was crouching down in front of the vent. Ike firstly brought out the radio controlled car and the driver set that was wrapped in a bath towel, then removed the metal fixings attached to the entrance of the underfloor vent. Then he quickly activated the radio controlled car and started to operate it.
The small machine equipped with a penlight, while transmitting the path to the monitor, proceeds forward.
“S-Sh*t! As expected, it’s dark!”.
If it’s only the penlight lighting the path, the ventilation opening is far too dark and the visibility on the monitor got worse. But even so, the radio controlled car proceeded forward bit by bit towards the bright light up ahead that was closing in. Even if we ended up going too far, since there were bars in place to stop the car there was no danger of falling. But even so, out of caution we moved the car forward at a slow speed.
“Alright, a little bit further and the visibility should clear up—!”.
The changing room was now reflected on the monitor. And although the quality of the image was crude, the figures of Horikita and the others could be seen on the monitor.
“U-Uhyou!”.
It could be said that Ike’s (Professor’s) plan had brilliantly succeeded. On the monitor, the figures of the Class D students, as well as Ichinose, were clearly captured. Right now, the radio controlled car should be properly recording it all.
If one looks at the monitor, one can witness them changing their clothes in real time.
“Ohh, show me too, Kanji. I can’t see properly”.
“You idiot, show me too”.
Sudou and Yamauchi, seemingly dissatisfied, presses Ike to show them the monitor too. But if they keep this up, there’s no avoiding drawing suspicion from the other boys. I decided to make use of that.
“You’re recording it, so isn’t it better to not overdo it? You’re about to draw suspicion”.
“Kuu, y-you’re right. For now, it’s better to change…….”.
Clicking his tongue and seeming frustrated, Yamauchi grimaced.
That’s right, even without peeping through the monitor, it’s currently being recorded in advance on the mini card that’s installed on the radio controlled car. Resisting the temptation to pull back the radio controlled car, Ike endures.
Pushing the controller along with his baggage into the locker, he focused on changing.
“H-how many minutes should I wait I wonder…….”.
“I’d like to keep it there for 20 minutes. At the very least……..”.
It’s necessary to avoid ending it too quickly and unable to hold down the changing scene as well as leaving it too long on the contrary and being unable to recover it. On top of that, if we delay changing for too long, that could also lead to trouble. Probably for these guys, this is going to be the longest 20 minutes of their lives.
“I’ll be going ahead”.
“W-Wait a minute, Ayanokouji! Are you betraying us!? If you ask us to show you afterward, we won’t show you!”.
“That’s not it. If 20 minutes goes by and not a single boy comes out, then the others will get suspicious”.
“Uuu, I guess that’s also true……then go do that properly, get it?”.
“I know”.
Leaving behind the 3 who were recovering the radio controlled car, I went ahead of the others in heading towards the pool.
2
On the other hand, at the same time I left the men’s changing room. In the girls’ changing room, an ideal sight that the 3 Idiots so desired was able to unfold. No, in fact the camera was properly capturing both the sound and the images.
“This is kind of fresh isn’t it, to be using the school’s pool outside of classes”.
As she puts her bag inside the locker, Kushida says that. Ichinose, who was changing beside her, quickly reached out with her hands towards her clothes.
“That’s right—. It feels like coming to a public pool to play”.
“Ichinose-san, you have such amazing proportions……”.
Sighing like she was able to fall in love, Kushida says that. Seemingly a little shy, Ichinose looks at Kushida’s frame and said the same thing convincingly.
“Kushida-san too, your body is very well-balanced, I don’t think you’d lose out to someone like me”.
As a matter of fact, although in terms of breast size tactics, Ichinose’s is larger, in terms of integrating it she doesn’t lose out either. On the other hand, Sakura, who has the same bust size as Ichinose if not greater than her, slightly took her distance from those two and began to change.
Even amongst those of the same gender, her sense of embarrassment is strong. And besides, thinking that she’ll be going to the poolside after this, it couldn’t be helped even if her body becomes heavy. Unlike classes, though, her one salvation was that she could wear a rash guard that would completely hide her upper body. For someone of the shy type like Sakura, that item would truly be like a savior.
“Ichinose-san, could you please not stare at me?”.
Receiving a passionate gaze like that from Ichinose, Horikita felt a sense of revulsion. Putting a hold on changing, she took her distance.
“No, sorry sorry. How should I put it, I was just thinking Horikita-san’s skin is so pretty and transparent and ended up staring. As fellow girls, really I’d end up paying attention to a cute girl. Kikyo-chan thinks so too right?”.
“Yeah, Horikita-san is extremely cute after all…….”.
“………..”.
Horikita changes while sighing at Kushida’s one word.
“But still, you came together with us today. I thought you wouldn’t show your face at events like this”.
“Indeed I’m not here because I like it. But sometimes, irrespective of one’s own will, there are times when I just have to accept it”.
“Hmm, so? You’re saying quite a lot of confusing things, Horikita-san”.
Naturally, she cannot speak the details to anyone else. Since the fact that her arm was stuck inside a water bottle and she could not take it out was a disgrace she’ll be taking to her grave. The very fact that Ayanokouji learned about this was an intense regret for her. Why did she panic at that time and ended up calling him, she was in the midst of reflecting on it.
“Why don’t you change without talking to me?”.
Having been lightly dealt with by Horikita like that, Ichinose eyes her next target. That was the existence of Sakura who was changing stealthily in the back. For Ichinose, who treasures the idea of “All for One and One for All”, her feeling of wanting to get along with everyone equally was strong.
She was thinking of getting along even with the Sakura whose existence was clearly floating all on its own. Even though Ichinose did not know the internal state of Class D, she understood that Sakura was a student who should be treated preciously. Getting deeply involved with her was out of the question, but she also could not completely ignore her.
Both Kushida and Horikita, fearing they’d do something thoughtless, did not talk to Sakura. At first glance, she seems to be the introverted and mature type. But according to Ichinose’s analysis, Sakura was the shy type but towards the people she gets along with, there was the feeling that she’d open her heart up to them and talk with them as well. So she then thought if that was the case, there should be the chance she could become a friend to her as well.
“It’s been a while since I’ve met Sakura-san like this, hasn’t it? Looks like since we’re both from different classes, we can’t meet as often—“.
“T-That’s right……..”.
“Honami-chan knows Sakura-san, that’s a bit surprising”.
Feeling doubt regarding the relationship of those two, Kushida asks that slightly reservedly.
“We know each other from a while back. Right—?”.
“Y-Yes…….”.
Feeling more rigid than expected, Sakura said that while avoiding eye contact. Towards that shy gesture, Ichinose inquires but she bears with it.
“But even so…..”.
To an extent where it could not be considered rude, Ichinose looks at Sakura’s body.
Cute features and slender yet a well-padded body, and more than anything else, those large breasts of hers were like those of an idol featured on a page.
She ended up looking at that body with a gaze similar to that of a male’s. Sakura, who’s the type of girl one would want to protect, feels like she could become the most popular girl across the school year if only she were to become a bit more cheerful.
“Speaking of which Honami-chan, today Kanzaki-kun’s also here but about that, could you tell me a little more?”.
“Nya? What about Kanzaki-kun?”.
Ichinose, who was measuring her distance from Sakura, received such a talk from Kushida and shifted her gaze. Having judged that to be her chance at escaping, Sakura slightly took her distance from Ichinose.
“There’s a girl in our class who’s interested in Kanzaki-kun, you see. I wanted to ask how things are regarding that topic”.
“Wow, Kanzaki-kun’s surprisingly popular. There’s also a girl in our class who seems to like him. Ahh, but right now none of us should have anyone like that, right?”.
“I see, then I’ll tell her to consider calling out to him”.
“Yeah, yeah. Kanzaki-kun might also be happy about that. Probably, though”.
“Probably, huh”.
Towards that loose answer, Kushida laughs.
“He’s pretty reticent, or how should I put it, he’s a man of few words. That in itself is fine but he lacks assertion way too much and I don’t understand him very well, you see”.
That was her frank assessment of him as a fellow classmate.
“That’s right, I guess. He seems like he’s hard to understand”.
Just as they were beginning to talk excitedly, their surroundings had already reached out for the swimsuits they were supposed to be changing into.
“Woah, we need to change”.
Ichinose quickly takes off her clothes belatedly. It was an agile movement reminiscent of the changing of boys. Her breasts sway. Even Horikita, who had been trying not to show any interest, had her gaze stolen away for a moment.
Those outstanding proportions with such destructive power, as long as she possesses those, she could one hit KO the majority of men.
Recently our diet had shifted to a more Western one, but even so, it was still hard to imagine that body is that of someone who’s also a 1st year high schooler.
“…..you, those breasts, since when?”.
“Fue? When, do you mean when they became big? I guess it was around my 3rd year in middle school. They just kept growing, you see. Why do you ask?”.
“No, I can understand now. The reason you’re feeling overwhelmed”.
It’s not by any means absolute, however, there is a timing where girls are unable to cope with their own changes. At times, the development of one’s breasts is something one might not be able to read.
It couldn’t be helped if such rapid growth occurred in under a year. She answered like that. Horikita glanced sideways at Kushida just once but there was no response to those words. Of course, it’s not like Kushida thinking anything by it. It’s just Kushida said this in a simple, straightforward manner. This time it’s not towards Horikita but to the new arrival.
“Hmm, Karuizawa-san? Hello—, you two also came here to play”.
Kushida, who was always sensitive to the circumstances of her surroundings, turned to face Karuizawa and the two other girls who entered the changing room.
“What a coincidence. We also came here to swim”.
“Heh…..”.
Kushida could not hide her surprise. It was because normally in classes, Karuizawa would never swim. Karuizawa and the others headed towards the locker at the far end. Feeling apprehensive towards it, Kushida nevertheless continued changing.
“Uwa……they’re really doing it. They’re really scummy perverts, the lot of them…..”.
She found the radio controlled car that came to a stop after getting entangled in the metal fixtures of the underfloor vent entrance.
The gleaming lens was capturing the girls’ changing room from a brilliant angle. Normally, the metal fixtures could be removed by almost anyone, but to remove it it would require a bit of effort and time. Because it was fixed in all directions with a Phillips screwdriver, one would need to remove those fixings first. But Karuizawa touched the metal fixtures and by easily pulling it back, removed it.
It wasn’t because she had superhuman strength nor was it because she excelled in regards to her screwdriver skills. It was only because yesterday, someone had set foot in the changing room and removed the screws. It was because the metal fixture, even without the screws, could easily be put into place. Karuizawa holds down the radio controlled car with her hands, and lifts it up.
The lamp beside the monitor was lightly glowing red and it could be seen that it was in the middle of recording.
Then, using the technique taught to her by Ayanokouji, she removed the mini card from the radio controlled car. At that very moment, the recording stopped functioning and if the process for recording is not followed through again, the recording lamp will not work.
Then inserting a new mini card with no data on it, she returned it to the underfloor vent entrance.
“And this does it”.
After that, just by letting time pass, the radio controlled car will return.
“…….he’s the only one, who’s proper…….”.
While feeling exasperated about the scumminess of the males, she thought about the only one who acted to stop this from happening, Ayanokouji.
If Ayanokouji had been complicit in this peeping, or had pretended to not see anything, both classmates and outside parties, without even knowing, would have had their naked bodies be seen. And on top of that, it would remain as data forever.
“Kei-chan, is it fine now?”.
Saying that from behind Karuizawa was her fellow classmate Sonoda. And then, Ishikura also looked at Karuizawa with an uneasy expression.
“Ahh yeah, thanks. It’s fine now”.
Inside the changing room where the 1st year girls are all jumbled together, if she alone looks down at the underfloor vent entrance it would be blatantly suspicious. Just like how Ike and the others formed a barricade, Karuizawa also used her close friends to block the field of view. Naturally, since all the lockers near the vent entrance have all been marked as being ‘In Use’, she didn’t forget to use keys to lock them all to make them unusable. Using the eyes of others, Karuizawa without raising her own heartrate, calmly returned each and every one of those keys. She did not explain the details to her close friends Sonoda and Ishikura.
People who, even without an explanation, will obediently follow instructions and can be held in confidence to not reveal a thing…..people who are by no means strong-willed, in addition to fearing ostracism. Such students were selected. Having finished changing and having confirmed that all her acquaintances from Class D are no longer present, Karuizawa spoke words of gratitude towards those two.
“Thanks for cooperating with me today. I have some business to take care of afterward, but the two of you will be playing here?”.
“Ahh, yeah. We were thinking of doing that. Right?”.
The two of them nod towards each other. In regards to that, Karuizawa also did not seem to have any intention of saying anything.
3
Having returned from the pool after playing until exhaustion, I returned back to my front door. And when I did, in front of my room, the 3 of them were already there on standby looking excited.
“You’re late, Ayanokouji! Hurry up and open it!”.
Sudou who had run out of patience, kicks the door. But I’d like him to stop because it would bother the people in the neighboring rooms as well as draw the attention of the dorm manager.
“Hurry it up, Ayanokouji!”.
I was made to open the door to my own room by a bunch of males who were unable to repress their arousal pushing my back. In the hands of Ike and the others was the card they were able to recover from the radio controlled car. And recorded on it would unmistakably be the raw images of the girls changing. Those 3 were thinking that. Entering my room before the resident himself entered, they turned on my computer without permission.
“I-If something incredible is displayed here, you’ll let me copy it afterward right…..”.
“You guys, wait a minute. First of all, I have to confirm it, because you guys have no right to see Suzune’s naked body”.
“Calm down, both of you. Here we all need to get along. Guhehehehe”.
It seems they’re no longer even considering me, because they were impatiently waiting for the computer to turn on.
Since it was a tiring day in various ways, I sat down on my bed just like that.
“If you’ll give it back to me after checking the contents that’ll be a great help”.
“What’re you getting at, Ayanokouji, acting all mature on your own. You also want to see right?”.
“If you’re going to turn back, I feel like now’s the time”.
“Ahh, I see. If you’re going to act like a good boy and all, don’t even think about looking alright? More like, I won’t be showing it to you”.
Standing in front of the computer screen, Ike spread out both his hands as though he were blocking the view.
“There’s no bastard who’s not interested in a woman’s naked body. Be honest”.
From Sudou, who was already relaxing as though it were his own home, words like that came at me, but I don’t feel the need to see a girl’s naked body that desperately. At the very least, I don’t feel like it was worth risking expulsion over.
“Nuwaa!? Why, why, why is nothing showing up!!!”.
Upon reading the mini card that they thought was borrowed from Professor, there was no data at all inside. In other words, the recording from the radio controlled car never functioned properly in the first place.
“N-Nothing. The data……”.
“There’s no way that can be true, right? I-I mean, we properly managed to record it right? Right?”.
The 3 of them panicked and opened the folder many times over, but there was nothing at all there.
That much is obvious. The card that had the recorded data in it was taken out by Karuizawa and she replaced it with an empty card. No matter how hard they look for it, there’s no finding a file that does not exist. On the other hand, the real data had already been destroyed and as such no longer remains in existence.
“Why is it not thereeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!”.
And just like that, the ambition of the 3 Idiots was snuffed out due to internal sabotage.